[Music]
ten clever riddles that will puzzle you
to pieces
get ready you'll need all your logic
skills and lateral thinking to figure
out the answers to these riddles number
one a hijack riddle a criminal hijacks a
plane which is transporting a valuable
cargo and eight passengers he takes the
cargo and demands nine parachutes from
the crew after his order is carried out
he puts on one of the parachutes and
jumps out of the plane leaving the rest
of the parachutes behind why did he
request nine parachutes you have 15
seconds to consider his reasons
[Music]
the countdown has started the hijacker
is a clever man he realizes that if the
crew members believe that he's going to
take hostages with him
they will never risk giving him a
damaged parachute number two a bus
driver riddle a bus driver is heading
down the street in Boston he passes a
stop sign without slowing down turns
right at the corner where there is a no
right turn sign after that he goes the
wrong way along the one-way street
what is more later he moves to the left
side of the road going past the police
car
however policemen don't stop him as he
hasn't broken any traffic rules how so
15 seconds for you to solve this mystery
[Music]
confusion in this case can arise because
the profession of the man is mentioned
but in fact the bus driver isn't on duty
he is just walking number three a
philosophical riddle about betrayal Jack
and Anna were so unhappy that they
decided to end their lives they agreed
to jump from a skyscraper on the count
of five so they started to count and as
soon as five sounded Jack stepped from
the roof while Anna remained unmoving
she observed Jack falling for about six
seconds after which his parachute opened
so here's the question who betrayed whom
this is an unusual riddle take your time
you have 15 seconds
[Music]
despite the fact that both participants
of this drama stayed alive it was Jack
who betrayed Anna probably she didn't
jump because her survival instinct
kicked in and there was nothing she
could do to overcome it at the same time
Jack having a parachute behind his back
had been prepared to avoid death that
day number four an elevator riddle one
man lives on the 11th floor he goes down
to the first floor using an elevator
every morning but when he comes back in
the evening there are two ways he gets
to his flat if the day is rainy or if
there are other people in the elevator
he goes directly to his floor otherwise
he uses the elevator to get to the 8th
floor and then walks three more flights
of stairs up to reach his apartment why
get that brain of yours into gear and
solve this riddle 15 seconds 14 13
[Music]
the problem of the man is his short
height he can't reach his floor button
but can ask others to do this or he can
push number 11 on the panel with his
umbrella number 5 a lateral thinking
riddle a father and his son did it to a
car crash
unfortunately the father dies on the
spot but the boy can still be saved and
is rushed to a hospital
however the surgeon who is supposed to
carry out the operation after seeing the
boy refuses to perform it saying I can't
operate because this boy is my son how
is such a situation possible come on
turn on your lateral thinking and crack
this riddle
[Music]
the surgeon who refuses to operate is
the boy's mother number six a confusing
riddle why is it illegal for a man
living in Phoenix to be buried in
Chicago 15 seconds for you to find all
the reasons and arguments well it's
against the law because the man is still
alive have you practice riddle if so
press the like button number seven
a clever admirer riddle a businessman
and a doctor are both in love with one
beautiful woman called Mary
unfortunately for the businessman he has
to go on a one-week long business trip
before going away he gives Mary seven
green apples why does he do this
tick-tock have you already unraveled
this mystery
[Music]
an apple a day keeps the doctor away
number eight a perfect solution riddle a
man is driving along the street on a
cold stormy night he's passing a bus
stop where he notices three people
waiting for a bus they are an elderly
lady who looks ready to drop an old
friend who saved his life once and the
woman of his dreams unfortunately the
man has a sports car with just one
passenger seat who should he choose
that's a dilemma 15 seconds for you to
make a choice
[Music]
in fact this is not a dilemma at all of
course the man should invite the elderly
lady to sit in the passenger seat after
that he should give the car keys to his
friend and wait for the bus together
with his ideal woman number nine a
challenge riddle once a mathematics
teacher was challenged to make a line
that had been drawn on a piece of paper
smaller the condition was that she
couldn't erase it anyway it took her
just a couple of seconds to do it how
you have a bit more than a couple of
seconds but don't waste time have you
worked this riddle out the teacher took
a pen and drew a long line parallel to
the first one therefore making the first
one smaller number 10 a coffee-cups
riddle
look at this pretty coffee pot that is
filling the cups with freshly brewed
coffee stop stop dreaming about coffee
better solve this riddle which cup will
get filled first don't hurry you have 15
seconds to figure it out
[Music]
are you there yet all you need is to be
extra attentive if you are then you have
noticed that all the pipes leading to
the cups are blocked at one point or
another all but this one leading to cup
5 this means that cup 5 will be the only
one that will get filled which riddle
did you like the most
tell us in the comments share this video
with your friends to have fun together
if you had a good time solving these
riddles remember to press the like
button and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side
[Music]